yeah that's what's going on it's you
Aunty and today I'm reviewing the Jordan
five Lanie
so before anyone goes nuts and says oh
you picked up the ladies you said you
weren't gonna or you know you said you
only have a couple more shoe these
aren't for me I picked them up for a
friend actually I was at Olympia sports
yesterday they had them sitting on
shelves they're sitting at some places
so I text a friend who was actually
looking for him and I grabbed them for
him from what I hear I saw a few tweets
online too saying that they're still
available in some locations so if you're
having trouble finding them call around
tweet around they should still be
available so I figured I'd do a quick
little review for you guys to show you
what I think of the shoe it's really
clean I really like it honestly if I was
in full cot mode like I normally am i
would have copped for sure but like I
said I got a cut down I've been spending
I spent a lot of money and I just gonna
really be more selective but overall
quality's great colorways great I love
it I need some close-up shots right now
I see blue outsole and I this looks
extra I see blue I looked at I was like
whoa it's like I see blue a blue jump
man black bottom Jordan right there of
course you've got the yellow flames
coming through if you're at the air unit
inside it's white you got two three
there and as you can see the the two
three is blue outlined in yellow black
jump man entire upper is a white tumbled
leather nice cut right there on the toe
box - like I said quality is on point of
course you've got the netting you've got
the jordan v lace lock and then right
here we've got the tongue yellow jump
man blue Tong nice plush Tong this is
just like the great 5 ton it's soft it's
the one thing I don't like about it's a
metallic 5 the tongue is like so high up
in the air it's very stiff on the
metallic fives whereas these it's a
little soft a little more plush and
they're easier to wear oval laces right
there like how they added that touch and
I put the oval ones in so overall just
really clean sneaker and like I said if
I was in full clap mode
I'd cop and rock these for sure but just
wanted to give you guys a quick little
overview overview the shoe I don't
really love it when people review
sneakers that aren't theirs or you know
that they bought for a friend whatever I
normally don't do this but I figured
yeah I haven't been hand I'll show you
guys kind of what I think and yeah
that's what I think so as always guys
thanks for watching I appreciate all the
support hit the subscribe button hit the
thumbs up button comment down below I'll
try to respond if YouTube will allow me
they switch up YouTube and Google Chrome
and Google+
every day and it's infuriating so I'll
try to connect with me on Twitter
Instagram and I'll talk to you guys
tomorrow peace